# ABSTRACT: getting started with ExobrainPipeline
# PODNAME: ExobrainPipeline::Tutorial

__END__

=pod

=head1 NAME

ExobrainPipeline::Tutorial - getting started with ExobrainPipeline

=head1 VERSION

version 0.01

=head1 DESCRIPTION

ExobrainPipeline is an application implementing a data pipeline and plugins
to let Perl automate your life.  Plugins can aggregate iCal feeds,
quantified-self data, etc that get passed on to other plugins generating daily
emails, complete goals on https://tdp.me , etc.

Design of L<ExobrainPipeline> is largely based on L<Dist::Zilla> and ideas from
Ricardo Signes & Paul Fenwick.

The main interaction with L<ExobrainPipeline> is via the L<exopipe> command and
an ~/.exobrain.ini config file.

=head1 PLUGINS

Plugins are executed in the order specified in the configuration file and
initialized by passing config file values as named parameters to their
constructor.

Plugin package names are created by prepending C<ExobrainPipeline::Plugin::>.
Plugins consume the C<ExobrainPipeline::Role::Plugin> role and implement an
C<execute> method. The C<execute> method is passed an array ref with one entry
per plugin already executed and it should add it's element and return it.

The array element for each plugin is a hashref.  The names of keys and their
meaning and values are up to the plugins to determine.  For example,
L<ExobrainPipeline::Plugin::AgendaEmail>, scans through all the plugins that
have run looking for those that have an C<agenda> key in their hash and
generates a daily agenda email based on them.

=head1 CONFIGURATION

Example config file

 [FitBit]
 step_goal = 10000
 tdp_id    = 50121
 time_zone = America/New_York
 
 [GitHubContribs]
 username  = mikegrb
 tdp_id    = 50543
 time_zone = America/New_York
 
 [ICal]
 url = http://some/private/calendar.ics
 
 [ICal / ICal2 ]
 title = Upcoming Holidays
 url   = http://www.calendarlabs.com/templates/ical/US-Holidays.ics
 days  = 30
 
 [ICal / ICal3 ]
 title = Galloway Now
 url   = http://www.google.com/calendar/ical/ivgf5vo85m6t7daacoj4ei32e8%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics
 
 [ICal::Combiner]
 strip_midnight = 1 ; All day events show up as midnight - midnight
 
 [Taskwarrior]
 cmd = /usr/local/bin/task unblocked
 
 [Basecamp]
 username   = good_sir@example.com
 password   = delicious_kosher_bacon
 account_id = 42
 
 ; person id for who's tasks to list, optional but saves an API call
 person     = 4267654
 
 ; ids of task lists to ignore tasks from
 ignore = 1234567
 ignore = 7654321
 
 [TheDailyPractice]
 api_key = bacon
 time_zone = America/New_York
 
 [AgendaEmail]
 to   = michael@thegrebs.com
 from = michael@thegrebs.com


-- TO BE CONTINUED --

# TODO: the continuing

